雨音子 (Amaotoko) - Radwimps
3 Contributors雨音子 (Amaotoko) Lyrics[RADWIMPS「雨音子」歌詞]

Nothing's on my back because I wanted it with you
And I want you too... I want you
I'm still at my prime because no one will let it through
I want you to... I want you to

You're caught up in the morning rain
As always, you have called me again
I'll be there by seven, but I should've said eleven
Well just to make you teased again

I hop out from the quiet bed
I hop on to the private train
Takes forty minutes ride from here
To apartment where I aim to appear

I'll be you're umbrella and I'll save you from Cruella everyday
So don't you shut me out of there as soon as all the sky is clear

Cause nothing's on my back because I wanted it with you
And I want you too... I want you
You're still at our flat where we kissed in every nook
That makes me so... that makes me so

Good old station welcomes me
I used to use it every week
Attendant still remembers me
And gently he says, 'Where've you been?'
See RADWIMPS LiveGet tickets as low as $126You might also likeI've been round in circles like an overturning turtle I guess so
I'm trying to overturn again but water in this pools me in

Nothing's on my map because I wanted it with you
And I want you too... I want you
Lasting dream won't last, I guess this saying's coming true
I bet you so... I bet you so

I finally arrive at Hilton suite
It's 6:08 but I rang the bell
I gave her name and suddenly
The rain has stopped to fall, and breezed

(Way to go way to go way to go
Where to go where to go where to go
Where do you go where do you go)

She answers me on entry phone
My duty has been canceled off
She said she's going out with friends
Now, there's nothing that I can say
Because I'm in charge of rainy days

Nothing's on my back because I wanted it with you
And I want you too... I want you
I'm still at my prime because no one will let it through
I want you to... I want you to
I miss you so... I miss you so...
I kissed you though... I kissed you though...Embed